Recent Progress

* Todd: created a wiki page gathering ThemeRoller rewrite status and forward-looking requirements and needed changes, ideally to support 1.9 and looking ahead to mobile+swatches http://wiki.jqueryui.com/ThemeRollerRewrite
* Dan: Added an index page at http://code.jquery.com/
* Some progress on widget factory documentation at http://wiki.jqueryui.com/Widget-factory
* Joern: did some a11y testing with Hans on Tooltip. Open IE issue documented on http://wiki.jqueryui.com/Tooltip

Todos

* Scott G: Add a link on developer links section of jqueryui.com for jquery-ui.git
* Adam: Update tests for Tooltip
* All: Write demos and docs for Tooltip http://wiki.jqueryui.com/Tooltip see TODO section at top
* Corey: Start figuring out how to document effects using new XML format
* Themeroller refactor: Need to identify scope and requirements. Need a project lead
* Scott G: remove the queuing logic in tabs which is blocking 1.9m5
* Adam and Corey: start helping more with the pull request queue, esp. as Scott is focused on 1.9m5
* All: We need more sponsors for the ARIA Hackathon planned for July http://wiki.jqueryui.com/ARIA-Hackathon
* All: Meet after 3pm today if you can help clear Pull Request queue for 1.8.13
* Scott G: Do 1.8.13 release after today

Still open

* Ralph: move build checklists to wiki
* Richard: create a wiki page for new docs XML and XSLT effort
* Scott G: ping JD about Jenkins-TestSwarm plugin
* Dan: Hotlinking issue with Themeswitcher
* Dan: See if we should move swarm.jquery.org
* Adam: Finish widget factory documentation update at http://wiki.jqueryui.com/Widget-factory
* Download builder rewrite: Waiting for front-end and back-end teams to have a planning meeting
