* Accessibility
  * Topics for Deque Accessibility Summit?
  * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MFM0zaLt-Gqaj3Ajv2p5d-STuaEZ6MoqfpYANX1VgpM/edit
* Button
  * Alex is working on new implementation for shared UI/Mobile widget
  * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yFD_Y9QuuMTI4NOc-JQYRjPTrcVV52h7ZeLKLPbSj40/edit
  * Pure CSS buttons? Contradicts our current theming rules 
  * For full theming, manually add ui-widget
* Dialog
  * JÃ¶rn is working through open tickets
  * Kris to start discussion about different focus handling in ARIA and HTML5 at Deque Accessibility Summit
* Selectmenu
  * Working on remaining TODOs
* Ticket triage
  * 3 pending tickets -1
  * 376 tickets total +3
  * 51 pull requests +1
