Attending: Dave, Jörn, Alex, Scott, Kris, Rafael, Sarah

## Core
* Working towards 3.0
* Need roadmap … it will be simple
* Need some new blog posts about changes coming

## UI
* Working toward 1.12.0

## Mobile
* 1.5 work continues

## Modules
* Trek Glowaki recently [flamed](https://medium.com/@trek/last-week-i-had-a-small-meltdown-on-twitter-about-npms-future-plans-around-front-end-packaging-b424dd8d367a) about this
* Dave talked to James Burke, [see his list of problems](https://github.com/jrburke/notobo/blob/master/docs/npm-sharp-edges.md)
* Dave to talk with these folks to see if we can discuss

## Globalize
* New members on javascript-globalization@googlegroups.com: Cameron from Twitter (maintainer of twitter-cldr), Edwin (globalization architect) from LG, Bruno and Daniel (globalization managers) from Microsoft, Eirik (globalization director) from Oracle, Xiang (senior developer) from Paypal.
* JavaScript Globalization overview page had additions from Yahoo (format.js), Google (Closure i18n), Wikipedia (jquery.i18n) and LG (iLib).
* ICU Message Format Support waiting approval to use slexaxton/messageformat.js license.

## CSS Framework
* Should we support IE8? How about Android 2.x?
* General feeling: No IE8 support

## QUnit
* Working towards 1.16
* [Fixing regressions](https://github.com/jquery/qunit/pull/691), everything else is ready

## Testing
* BrowserStack had unrelated “hacking” issues (very thorough post mortem!), hopefully will have time to address Travis integration issue soon

## Infrastructure
* jsbin - talking with Remy about using it for demos and default template
* Alex to intro Kris and Remy, we'll get 10 accounts w templates ($1000)

## 2015
* Kris to create a summary of roadmaps to share with the board, Core roadmap still missing. Also budget requests from dev rel and infrastructure.
