Attending: Alex, Timmy, Rafael, Jörn

## Core
* Shooting for July 6 alpha release
* [5 blockers](https://github.com/jquery/jquery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3ABlocker) to finish up, still thrashing on show/hide
  * will probably drop the performance fix in favor of features (hopefully, Chrome will improve when retrieving a computed display value)

## UI
* Working towards 1.12 beta
* Still working on button, AMD-demos
* Answer on button a11y issue, “doesn’t matter”
* Fixing DB 1.12 packer issues, required for beta and Mobile 1.5

## Mobile
* Closing out remaining 1.5 issues
* landing 1.5 PR’s
* All things 1.5

## Chassis
* No update

## QUnit
* Progress on [js-reporters](https://github.com/js-reporters/js-reporters/), [working on event data](https://github.com/js-reporters/js-reporters/issues/12)

## PEP
* Discussing support of css touch-action (instead of attribute) [#151](https://github.com/jquery/PEP/issues/151)

## Globalize
* Good progress on the non-gregorian support [PR#447](https://github.com/jquery/globalize/pull/447) made by Daniel (a collaborator) (related issue [#320](https://github.com/jquery/globalize/issues/320)).
  * Might lead in using a separate library for calendrical calculations (which is sufficiently complex by its own). I got Edwin (from LG) engaged (iLib has good calendar support), so maybe we both collaborate on it.

## Other
* Looking forward to Gabriel joining these going forward, as new Project Representative Director
* Would’ve been nice to have this meeting in SF
