Attending: Corey, Scott, Jörn, Gabriel, Rafael, Timmy, Leo, Richard, Alex

## Core
* Continuing work towards a beta. Trying to finish all higher priority tickets.
* Setting up an e2e/UI testing infrastructure
  * markelog to coordinate with gnarf

## UI
* Added Webpack support
  * Got access to the npm package and will be publishing official packages starting with 1.12.0
* Aiming for 1.12.0 beta 1 in time for the dev summit
* Getting close to having a working Trac upgrade

## Mobile
* Landed another widget with classes
* GSoC student continuing to help and work on testing.
* Need to update node support

## Chassis
* Working on rescheduling weekly meeting to a different time than 1pm EST on Tuesdays, with changing jobs of team members, it’s becoming difficult to have people show up for the meeting.
* Working on organizing Chassis hack weekend - currently looking like October 24th is the official date of the event.

## QUnit
* Leo Balter new lead!
* Working to land nested modules soon ([#859](https://github.com/jquery/qunit/pull/859))
* proposal for async tests open ([#866](https://github.com/jquery/qunit/pull/866))
* proposal for chai integration needs discussion ([#864](https://github.com/jquery/qunit/issues/864))

## PEP
* Landed a bunch of functional tests

## Globalize
* Andrew (Twitter) resumed Unit Formatting implementation ([#512](https://github.com/jquery/globalize/pull/512))
* Amanpreet (former GSoC student) resumed tests intern support ([#450](https://github.com/jquery/globalize/pull/450))
* Several things done by Andrew on Globalize Related projects: [rxaviers/react-globalize-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/rxaviers/react-globalize-webpack-plugin/issues), [rxaviers/react-globalize-compiler](https://github.com/rxaviers/react-globalize-compiler/), and [kborchers/react-globalize](https://github.com/kborchers/react-globalize).

## Board
* Try to organize meetings Amsterdam-style, but bringing in potential contributors who are local to the venue, and/or contributors who are not on the team but have contributed significantly
* Need to work on grant process and project on-boarding

## Infrastructure
* Working on a conversion to ansible deployments
* Evaluating a new zabbix replacement - datadog - if any team members want an invite to see what’s going on - ask please!
