* Ticket Triage (Issues + PR):
  * 257 (-21 in 2 weeks)
* Attending: Sarah, Dan, Aurelio, Karl, Alex Sch., Arthur, Anne, Ralph

## Content Team Lead
* Proposal for Anne to lead the Content Team
  * **Approved**, effective immediately.

## Learn Site
* **Agreed**: where possible (or where this makes sense), in addition to code snippets, we should have the full example in a jsbin to enable users to manipulate the code and enable us to easily update it.
Determine the Future of the learn site
  * Alex speaking with Remy Sharp to incorporate jsbin demos that we can update easily and also have custom subdomains e.g. jquery-learn.jsbin.com
  * we can customize the look and also make the editor use our style guide
* **Agreed**: Create a list of articles/tutorials/video that would be nice to have
  * https://github.com/jquery/learn.jquery.com/issues/561
  * will use the [matrix doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H6xhKoSBtoK9Nsc7uqBcVQULqflc7xWZbtsTO7p1fqA/edit#gid=0) for recording this also (must have, nice to have, wonâ€™t have)
* Analysis of the articles, and develop a matrix of articles/library version:
  * [Matrix created](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H6xhKoSBtoK9Nsc7uqBcVQULqflc7xWZbtsTO7p1fqA/edit#gid=0)
  * ongoing
  * Actions:
    * Open an issue on the learn repo
    * Make doc public for comments
* Actions from last meeting:
  * Scott to work on automating the CLA check, which will manage the label
    * ongoing
    * Scott to liaise with Corey to sync with infra side
  * Aurelio to see how we can get more help from the community
    * [Draft Post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qeiwEtiIitFt1X8Iu1Cu2X0GgwM-MSb4FOOl50oerPY/edit)
    * Action: everyone to review and add comments/edits
    * We should say jQuery Foundation
    * Idea from Ralph: use that as a script to an awesome commercial size video and then blog, tweet, smoke signal it out (Ralph may be able to help)
  * Dan to investigate whether BV could donate rating services
    * Outcome: yes, if we want it we can have it. A little more red-tape to work through on the BV end.

## Repos at healthy cadence:
* We aim to have less than 5 issues or be closing more issues than we open on all content-related repos
  * [Tracking (open issues + open PRs)](https://coloma.users.ecs.westminster.ac.uk/jqueryStats/contentIssues.php)
* Produce biweekly reports at Content meeting and report at following EC meeting

## GSoC:
* Content Team proposing two projects:
  * Interactive tutorials for learn and other sites
  * Issue Tracking system [ticket](https://github.com/jquery/content/issues/4)
