* Ticket Triage (Issues + PR):
  * 248 (+2)
* Attending: Arthur, Alex, Anne, Aurelio

## Content:
* Should we agree priorities? (e.g. Issues vs PRs?)
  * Agreed to address PRs from new contributors quickly (ideally 1-2 weeks)
* Arthur will be working through v3 tickets this week
* Arthur needs help checking https://github.com/jquery/api.jquery.com/pull/669
  * We need help from someone with a Windows setup
    * Alex will test when he gets a chance
* Need a solution for contributors that use only the github web interface and have their username as name (i.e. the CLA will not match as we need a valid name and the name is not the username).
  * Maybe improve the documentation on contribute as well
* Actions from last meeting:
  * New Foundation Pages:
    * Asked Kris to push branch with existing changes (today)
      * Kris will soon
    * Contribute pages:
      * https://github.com/jquery/contribute.jquery.org/issues/116
        * Action completed
      * https://github.com/jquery/contribute.jquery.org/issues/115
        * Action: Anne to update the section
        * Ongoing
