* Attending: Jasper de Groot, Gabriel Schulhof, Alexander Schmitz, Anne-Gaelle Colom

Time: 2pm ET

## Official Agenda:
* new issues after 1.4 RC1
  - no blocker issues
  - some minor issues that we can fix in first maintenance release 2-3 weeks after final
* status TODOâ€™s for 1.4 final
  - API docs are updated
  - demos almost done
  - ThemeRoller is still work in progress
  - 2-3 days needed for new web site

## Updates:

## Jasper de Groot
* working on ThemeRoller update

## Alexander Schmitz
* investigating and triaging post rc issues
* updateing changelog script
* work on button re-write
* finished classes option testing
* ios 7 issues ( lots )
* demos updates

## Gabriel Schulhof
* Fixed most API issues.
* Not familiar enough with panels to document their classes
* No real excuse for not fixing #166 :), though I may not know enough about tabs

## Ghislain Seguin
* Started working on automation for the release process. Trying to use grunt-git but so far no success in committing the files to the codeorigin repo.

## Anne-Gaelle Colom
* api docs: added the icons page

