Attending Members: sfrisk, kristyjy, geekman-rohit, arthurvr, arschmitz

* First official meeting at brand new meeting time! (2pm ET)
* jQuery Developer Summit went well, and we had a lot of new contributors.
 * Please Review the following PRs
  * [Add some fixes to the readme](https://github.com/jquery/css-chassis/pull/132)
  * [WIP Table Styling](https://github.com/jquery/css-chassis/pull/130) - Opened new PR to replace old table styling PR
  * [Typography: Added Color Variables](https://github.com/jquery/css-chassis/pull/129)
* In the process of organizing a Chassis Hackathon weekend.  Currently sfrisk is working at trying to get this to be a more formal environment
* Brought up need to create a JSASS style guide for how we want to organize variables for JSASS.  
* geekman-rohit to create a PR to remove the '^' in the grunt-html version requirements
