Attending Members: sfrisk, kristyjy, geekman-rohit, arthurvr

Current PRs
* Localize downloads
 * almost done, will be updated in a day or two
* Buttons: Initial pass at buttons, covering sizes, options, disabled, active, focus, and hover states
 * sfrisk is working on a second pass at this, using the new agreed about style for BEM discussed in last meeting
* Table styling
 * open for someone to take over this  
* Progress and Meter styling
 * geekman-rohit is working on a second pass at this, using the new agreed about style for BEM discussed in last meeting

PRs for sfrisk to pull in
* Build: Fix jscs lint errors in task files
* [hidden] { display: none !important; }
