* JSASS
 * Has Travis issues been resolved?
 * Need to pull this  in too fix node issues: https://github.com/jquery/css-chassis/issues/152
 * sfrisk to pull in after meeting
* [WIP] Tables: Table styling
 * Classes part of PR should be updated by this weekend?
* RTL : Added CSSjanus to build process
 * To be updated tonight
* Images : Basic styling
 * Styling is similar to what is in bootstrap - discussion had if it matches what our current design pattern is, or if we should play with more ideas
 * Notes left on PR that need work
 * Nashvail to start working on a UI library for components
